Now, in order to run the application on my real estate device.
Which I have connected here, first of all, I need to go to Xcode.
And then to my project here and under signing and capabilities, she was my team here.
So that this error which was shown here goes away.
And with that, I could not launch it for this button, but I can now also try launching it here again
through visual pseudocode and this should now work and hopefully successfully build this application
for us and launch it on my iPhone.
Now, as a side note, if you should be getting any errors whilst you try to run this on the real iOS
device, try running, flutter clean in your project and then try restarting.
That's what I just needed to do.
But with that here on the right, you see my I was the wise and I'm going to sign up there.
Since I cleared all data, I can, of course, use all those email addresses here again.
So that's that now I'm going to pick an image.
Grant access to my camera and here I am taking a picture of me taking a picture.
Right, use that photo.
Here it is in our press sign up, and that's looking good.
I'm on the chat screen and if we now go back here and we refresh the users here on authentication,
I see that new user under storage.
I hopefully see my image.
Here it is.
That's the image I just took.
And under database, I also see the users collection with data about that user I just created.
So that is all looking great.
That seems to work on Aiwass as well.
And with that with that working well, let's actually continue and let's make sure that we show a user
image on all the chat messages we have.